MODULE 2
Requirements to generate a makefile using CMake
1) CMakeLists.txt
2) A build folder where all the build files will be generated.

Good practice:
A CMakeLists.txt and a build folder should exist in the top level of the project. All the build files should be generated in the build folder. 
Note that CMake generates the build files from where the CMake command was executed.

So inside the build folder: type "cmake .."
the double .. specifies that the CMakeLists.txt file exists in the parent folder.

When we run the cmake command, build files are generated. Among the build files, there are 2 important files:
1) Makefile (This is used to build the project)
2) CMakeCache.txt
The CMake cache may be thought of as a configuration file. The first time CMake is run on a project, 
it produces a CMakeCache.txt file in the top directory of the build tree. 
CMake uses this file to store a set of global cache variables,
whose values persist across multiple runs within a project build tree.

There are a few purposes of this cache. 
The first is to store the user’s selections and choices, 
so that if they should run CMake again they will not need to reenter that information. 

For example, the option command creates a Boolean variable and stores it in the cache.
option(USE_JPEG "Do you want to use the jpeg library")

The above line would create a variable called USE_JPEG and put it into the cache. 
That way the user can set that variable from the user interface and 
its value will remain in case the user should run CMake again in the future.


The CMakeLists.txt consists of commands to generate the build files

Note that by using a build system, if we change a source file, the binary of only that changed file is generated. So if nothing is changed, 
then the binaries would not be generated again.

LIBRARIES
When we create libraries, those libraries can be used by some other piece of code.

The libraries and the executable are called TARGETS in CMake.

FAQS:
Can we add more than 1 executable in CMakeLists.txt file?
Yes, we can add more than 1 executable and the executable names have to be different from one another.